General Director Zhang, don't joke.
I'm not kidding.
I'm serious today.
As long as you serve grandpa happily
Don't say a hundred million.
Two hundred million I'll give you the same
General Director Zhang Forgives Male Obedience
What are you doing?
What do you say?
General Director Zhang also asked you to respect yourself.
Self-respect Kieu Thu Vu
You don't think you're the future boss of this company, do you?
I've never admitted that I'm the future boss of the company, have I?
If not you are the time from Li Minh Hao's kiss
You feel like you've spent hundreds of millions studying legendary spoofing.
It's okay.
Let me tell you
Now the company has been sold out by the Li family.
The new boss will arrive soon.
If the boss knows you're spending hundreds of millions
What are the consequences?
The magic tower is sure to burn.
Even if you change the boss, you will definitely
Stop playing this game.
Serve yourself well
It's okay to pack you.
what are you going to do
ah save ah stop ah